Full refactor, to many changes, to lazy to write commit messages (#1)
Serial-Link/CPP-Unix-Bindings: README.md

# CPP-Unix-Bindings

> A compact C++23 library for talking to serial devices on Linux (e.g. Arduino).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A compact C++23 library for talking to serial devices on Linux and MacOS (e.g. Arduino).  
```

- The "cpp-bindings" package should be the base for all platforms (shared functionality).
- The "cpp-bindings-unix" package should be for both Linux and MacOS.
- The "cpp-bindings-windows" package should be for windows platform.

If this makes sense...

> The project builds a **shared library `libCPP-Unix-Bindings.so`** that can be used via

Reviewer: I would prefer the following name:

```suggestion
The project builds a **shared library `lib_cpp_bindings_unix.so`** that can be used via
```

Maybe we should rename all repositories to be snake_case...

Author: renaming is done in https://github.com/Serial-IO/cpp-bindings-unix/pull/2, and will be linux conform

Deno's native FFI.

---

## 1  Building the library

```bash
# Clone
git clone https://github.com/Serial-IO/cpp-bindings-unix.git cpp-bindings-unix
cd cpp-bindings-unix

# Dependencies (Debian/Ubuntu)
sudo apt-get install build-essential cmake clang make

# Compile
cmake -S . -B build -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release
cmake --build build -j

# The resulting library will be located at

> #   build/libCPP-Unix-Bindings.so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#   build/lib_cpp_bindings_unix.so
```

```

> Because `CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS` is enabled, the build also generates a
> `compile_commands.json` that is automatically copied to the project root —
> handy for clang-tools (clangd, clang-tidy, …).

---

> ## 2  Using the library from **Deno** (v1.42 or newer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2  Using the library from **Deno** (v2 or newer)
```
